Pan os edit rule error without commit issue (#28533)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_17_17.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Changed the command **pan-os-edit-rule** to be able to run without having to commit changes before running it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **pan-os-edit-rule** command was not working in case the rule had changes which were not committed.
```

> - Fixed an issue where the **pan-os-edit-rule** command was not working in case the rule had changes which were not committed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **pan-os-edit-rule** command was not working in case the rule had changes that were not committed.
```
